README.md, before:

# River CLI Tool

nf-utils is a versatile Command-Line Interface (CLI) tool designed to streamline bioinformatics workflows, HPC job management, and cloud storage setup. This tool provides commands to manage cloud configurations, job scripts, and setup utilities.

## Installation

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.8 or higher
- AWS credentials configured locally (for cloud commands)
- Required system utilities: wget, curl

### Development Version
To install the development version, use the following commands:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/giangbioinformatics/nf-utils.git -b main
cd nf-utils 
make build
pip install dist/*.whl
```

### Latest Version
To install the latest stable version, use the following command:

```bash
pip install nf-utils
```

## Usage
Overview
The nf-utils CLI consists of three main subcommands:

+ `cloud`: Manage AWS S3 configurations and mount buckets using Goofys.
+ `job`: Manage and generate job scripts for HPC systems and River web server.
+ `setup`: Set up standard tools for bioinformatics analysis.

### 1.`cloud`
The cloud command is used to configure and manage S3 buckets with Goofys.

Subcommands:
+ s3-config: Add a new AWS profile to your local configuration.
```bash
cloud s3-config --profile-name PROFILE_NAME --region REGION --aws-access-key-id AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID --aws-secret-access-key AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
cloud s3-mount BUCKET_NAME --profile-name PROFILE_NAME
cloud s3-umount BUCKET_NAME
```

### 2.`job`
The job command is used for managing HPC job scripts and information.

Subcommands:
+ create: Generate a job script based on provided Git repository and version.
+ info: Fetch and display information about jobs.
```bash
job create --git GIT_REPO_URL --version VERSION --job-id JOB_ID
job info JOB_UUIDS
```

### 3.`setup`
The setup command is used for setting up bioinformatics tools and utilities.
include:
+ nextflow
+ singularity
+ micromamba
+ goofys
+ visual studio code server

Subcommands:
+ `install`: Install the River utilities and dependencies.
+ `clean`: Clean up installed utilities and configurations.


To set up the directory where to store your job and installization, export this env.
By default, it will be user HOME directory
RIVER_HOME=(your customer river setup directory)

Install
```bash
river setup install 
```

Uninstall tools
```bash
river setup clean 
```

To load these setup, run the below or add it to .bashrc 
```bash
source ~/.river.sh
```

### License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

RC-00 refactor to install micromamba independently (#20)

README.md, after:

# River CLI Tool

nf-utils is a versatile Command-Line Interface (CLI) tool designed to streamline bioinformatics workflows, HPC job management, and cloud storage setup. This tool provides commands to manage cloud configurations, job scripts, and setup utilities.

## Installation

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.8 or higher
- AWS credentials configured locally (for cloud commands)
- Required system utilities: wget, curl

### Development Version
To install the development version, use the following commands for x64, for another CPU architect, follow [here](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation/micromamba-installation.html):
```bash
# adjust where you want to install micromamba


git clone https://github.com/giangbioinformatics/nf-utils.git -b dev
cd nf-utils 
make build
pip install dist/*.whl
```

### Latest Version
To install the latest stable version, use the following command:

```bash
pip install nf-utils
```

## Usage
Overview
The nf-utils CLI consists of three main subcommands:

+ `cloud`: Manage AWS S3 configurations and mount buckets using Goofys. The current aws cli does not support region
+ `job`: Manage and generate job scripts for HPC systems and River web server.
+ `setup`: Set up standard tools for bioinformatics analysis.

### 1.`cloud`
The cloud command is used to configure and manage S3 buckets with Goofys.

Subcommands:
+ s3-config: Add a new AWS profile to your local configuration.
```bash
cloud s3-config --profile-name PROFILE_NAME --region REGION --aws-access-key-id AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID --aws-secret-access-key AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
```

### 2.`job`
The job command is used for managing HPC job scripts and information.

Subcommands:
+ create: Generate a job script based on provided Git repository and version.
+ info: Fetch and display information about jobs.
```bash
job create --git GIT_REPO_URL --version VERSION --job-id JOB_ID
job info JOB_UUIDS
```

### 3.`setup`
The setup command is used for setting up bioinformatics tools and utilities.
include:
+ nextflow
+ singularity
+ micromamba
+ goofys
+ visual studio code server

Subcommands:
+ `install`: Install the River utilities and dependencies.
+ `clean`: Clean up installed utilities and configurations.


To set up the directory where to store your job and installization, export this env.
By default, it will be user HOME directory
RIVER_HOME=(your customer river setup directory)

Install
```bash
river setup install 
```

Uninstall tools
```bash
river setup clean 
```

To load these setup, run the below or add it to .bashrc 
```bash
source ~/.river.sh
```

### License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
